Why are you leaving?
Hey, who's here?
Qing Huan
I'm mom.
I'm sorry, it's all my fault for not being optimistic about you in the first place
That's why you made a mistake with that Shen An'an
It's okay. It's okay.
Although I'll just come back
Give it back
The boss will do his best in the future
I will try my best to compensate you.
Come on little sister
Let the big brother hug him
Big brother?
Let the second brother also hug
brother
Little sister and third brother are also good
Mom, you guys
How dare you line up before your father?
Is this what it feels like to be loved by your family?
Mom
Dad
Third brother, second brother, hey
big brother
Hey
Fourth brother
Madam Guo is here
What is he doing here?
Is he here with the little sister?
Big brother has prepared a dress for this return banquet for you
Go and try to help him
Go now miss